Please please please laugh after reading this
Do you think I am joking?
I have so many people around me in the academy
Do I know what I am stuck on?
Tell me, where did you get this card?
Is it true that you want me and Xiong Yue gave it to me?
Don't listen to this nonsense
This is where he worked on this case before.
There is no designated Weijiu.
How could Xiong Yue be him?
If this card is not real
Then I think it’s 80%
That's it, it works
Okay, stop talking.
Teach me strictly, I don’t have so much disdain for kung fu
Friends, we have to leave here. This is Dongchao.
Really, let me introduce it to you
This is the superior of Wanjieji from thousands of families in the capital.
It's that incredibly wealthy country
All the families in the Qing Dynasty are good
Aren't you considered a Homo?
This guy offended me
Have I taken off both bodies?